# Food-Donation
One of the biggest problems facing our country is hunger.  I think one way to attempt to combat this is to encourage restaurants to work with food banks who can then provide more food to more people.  Starbucks has recently implemented (or announced its plan to implement) a policy in which it will donate pastries and ready to eat food boxes through partnerships with Food Donation Connection and Feeding America.  This illustrates a greater trend towards combatting hunger, and indicates that there may be more interest in similar policies.  I also work at the Original Pancake House, and I see how wasteful it is of any and all excess food.  The restaurant throws out extra batter, loaves of bread, and even fresh fruit at the end of every Sunday, because they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays.  Although batter may not be very helpful to a homeless family, bread certainly would be!  If other businesses have similar policies, collecting all of the extra food, instead of throwing it out, would be very significant to a food bank and to helping homeless and hungry families.
I think it would be really successful if there was an app that could connect local restaurants with local food banks.  It could allow restaurants to see which food banks are near them, and what foods they could donate.  Also, if the food bank could connect directly with the restaurant, it probably could have more flexibility with what it accepts.  It could also include statistics about the impact that donated food has, which restaurants could publicize to garner support for their businesses.  There could also be a way to create a sort of car-pool for restaurants that were all donating to the same food bank.

yo
